Unlimited Account Method:
‼️WICHTIG: Follow each instruction or step exactly as described otherwise the method may not work!


1. go to mmoga.de and log in with the following account or create your own:
Email: mfurtsch1@gmail.com
Pw: aQAFxvZq

(The account was created and verified by me, so there should be no verification problems or anything like that. But these only occur if you create a new account and spend several hundred euros within a few days).


2. Go to the search bar and search for "Fortnite" or go to the "Category" field and click on Fortnite Accounts.
(Here is the direct link to the category: https://www.mmoga.de/Fortinte/Fortinte-Account/ )

If you searched for "Fortnite" in the search bar, click on any account that is on offer and then click on Fortnite at the top (see image).
Then click on the category "Fortnite Account" (NOT "Fortnite Unique Account").


4. as soon as you are in the category "Fortnite Account" choose any offer. Above you can also filter the accounts, so that only fa (Full Access) or only nfa (Not Full Access) accounts are displayed.

IMPORTANT: The platform does not matter, because every account normally works for every platform!

Tip: Always take the cheapest offer with the same content.
For example:
Black Knight, Email Access, psn: 130€

Black Knight, email Access, pc: 110€ (Take the cheapest one)


5. then choose any product and go to the shopping cart.


6. Go to buy and choose any payment method. (This does not matter)

Tip: If you pay with paysafe, remember that it always costs 7% surcharge, which you will not get back in the end!


7. after you have bought your account wait until the payment has been received and then wait until you receive your account.
Tip: The delivery time for cheaper offers is usually faster than for more exotic offers like Black Knight.


When you have received your account details, you can check them on mmoga under "Orders" or in your email.


Read more here if you have ordered a Full Access Account:

9. this step will be one of the most important!!!
First log into epic Games and see if the email is changeable. If yes, change the epic email immediately. Log in to the email account and confirm the epic Games email change with the security code. Then delete all emails from epic Games on the email account and log out again. If the email is not changeable change both the epic and email data (password, security query etc.).
Tip: It is best to add your phone number or email!


10. after you have changed or deleted all data thoroughly, reply to the email from mmoga where you received the account data or go to mmoga in Live Support and write the following text there:

Reply with this text if you were able to change the epic email:
Dear MMOGA Team,
When I just wanted to log in with the account, I noticed that unfortunately there is no Epic Games account with the email address. Therefore I ask your team to send me a replacement account as soon as possible.

With kind regards,
Markus

(Use the name if you are logged in with my mmoga account. Otherwise use your own)


Reply with this text if you could not change the Epic email:
Dear MMOGA Team,
When I was about to log into my account, I noticed that the epic data is invalid. When I then wanted to log into the email to reset the password of the epic account, I noticed that the email data is also invalid. I would like to ask your team to send me a replacement account as soon as possible.

With kind regards,
Markus 

(Use the name if you are logged in with my mmoga account. Otherwise use your own)


After you have followed this step, wait for a response via email or live support at mmoga. The average waiting time until you receive your replacement account is independent of the offer, but is usually between 1-3 days.


Read on here if you have ordered a Nfa (Not Full Access) account:

Tip: I wouldn't recommend you to buy an nfa account, because 90% of the accounts are pulled.


The procedure for nfa accounts is similar to fa accounts.


Log in to epic Games and change the epic password.

14. after that write mmoga the following text:
Dear MMOGA team,
When I just wanted to log in to my account, I noticed that the epic data is invalid. I therefore ask your team to send me a replacement account as soon as possible.

With kind regards,
Markus

(Use the name if you are logged in with my mmoga account. Otherwise use your own)


15. wait for a reply from mmoga. The average waiting time is again 1-3 days.


Keep reading here(whether nfa or fa account):

16. as soon as you have received your replacement account, change all data again or delete emails if necessary (repeat the procedures from step 9).


17. after that send again an email with one of these texts from above to mmoga and wait for a new replacement account.


Repeat this process again!


19. after you have received 2 replacement accounts from mmoga, you will get your spent money back as mmoga credit at the third request for a replacement account!


20. buy with this credit again any account and repeat the described procedures from step number 9.



Pro tips:
1. if you have ordered a Fa account and the email ends with @euromail.hu, the email of the epic account is 99% changeable!

2. if the epic email ends with @rambler.ru you can assume that the email from epic is not changeable. Therefore, make especially the email account SECURE!

3. if the epic email is changeable, delete ALL emails from Epic Games on the email account!!!!

4. if you have not received a replacement account after waiting about 3 days, write the following text mmoga or go to livesupport and write this text:

Dear MMOGA-Team,
Since I still have not received a replacement account, I ask your team to take care of it as soon as possible and send me a replacement account.

With kind regards,
Markus

(Use the name if you are logged in with my mmoga account. Otherwise use your own)

5. a new OWN mmoga account is recommended. When creating the account it is also recommended to enter your real data (no fake name or fake residence), because mmoga sometimes asks for verification. (This is only for security reasons and the data will not be forwarded or sold).



HAVE FUN WITH YOUR UNBRENZTEN ACCOUNTS!!!